# Communications

The main focus of today has been the communications.

After defining in the previous days how to setup the general communications to make them flexible enough to be configurable on run-time for any new agent, today I have implemented the client/server and topic_publisher/topic_subscriber at both backend and database.

For a cleaner setup I have created the ProcessCommunicationsBuilder which encapsulates the logic to create the communications. One appreciation is that in order to build the clients we need to first create all the services, so we can't just iterate over all agents, thanks to the builder we can store the configs on vectors until the setup has finished or create them on real-time when new agents are created standalone. Imp is at AgentBuilder create_agent.

Should request be created using args:
- name (str)
- args (Dict[str, Any]) where Any is a pydantic format???

## TODO:
- Request, Topics and Requests need to be created at the .json, we need to define a clear and easy format. Remember that this will be later translated into python classes to be used as tools or be interpreted as JSON after tool calling. Once we have the format we should add the missing implementation at ProcessCommunicationBuilder to create all requests/topics/events on setup - and each new on run-time, which should also be stored on the config folder.

REMEMBER: Our config folder should always be updated on each new creation. We will have the minimum viable agents at a folder called default_agents, but each new agent should be also stored on another folder as we want to make them easy to export in the future, this is the first move toward building specific use-cases using our general purpose platform.

Once we are able to create all requests, events and topics then we should move to next point which is addressing events.

- Events subscribers/publishers need to be addressed same as with topics.

- After this we should try to run the system, and then focus on the main agents: TeamBuilder, AgentBuilder... ensure that they all do the intended behavior. We should also improve the prompts of these agents to ensure everything works as expected. A special focus on internal processes to ensure that they do the task as on initial version.

- Once we finish this we are ready for v1. Is going to be game changer, strong as no other agent model is close to, getting closer to AGI a self-evolving system.
