## Business Philosophy

I have been reflecting on the philosophy behind Aware, the main ideas have been posted on [architecture philosophy](/aware/docs/architecture_philosophy.md).

I think is important to start compiling data that helps to understand the intention behind the software. Software is only a tool to express certain ideas, Aware is full of them, they are inherent to my thought process but I need to represent them into text so other people can comprehend them before participating on the code.

This is what a company is: Is a group of people aligned to solve a specific problem. Aware is a solution and therefore is powered by ideas to solve these issues.

Before creating the company I should have clear guidelines and principles as they will be the foundation used to solve the different difficulties that we face as a team.

Today I focused on the philosophical side, more to come to express which is the full intention behind Aware and translate them into a representations for the different collaborators, from my future cofounder, to the engineers building the core architecture or the results of using Aware as platform and also for the VCs who are giving the capital needed to build a dream.

Continuing now with technical implementations. The goal is to arrive to April with a initial version of the platform, one that can be used on any server and can power the agents of arbitrary configurations.

One we are there and I found EntrepeneursFirst I will be able to scale Aware and create specific configurations for our initial customers, is very important that the main ideas behind Aware are configured by the time I start working on specific configurations as the foundations are fundamental for the outcoming of the company. Lets think now to build efficiently in the future.

## Technology advancements

Yesterday I went into a tangent, adding the internal variables for tools. I consider this a important task that should be solved to maintain the internal state of the tool, but it touches a higher level or abstractions, is focused on the way how we create the tools. Right now we have a more urgent and specific topic that needs to be solved: The requests representation and translation.

This is fundamental to continue with our testing and being able to verify that all the latest implementations works as expected, is the core logic to create our self-evolving system.

I will focus today on creating the initial translations, creating these requests and being able to translate them into specific functions that are callable by the LLM, later we need to post-process them and differentiate between classical function calling and requests. Once we have them we should focus on the implementation of the core ones to create the self-evolving architecture. After this we can go back to internal_variables at tool level and finalize the first version. We need to stabilize the system, now is very very important, to avoid the noise to collapse the core abstractions and to maintain confidence once that we see the real performance of our new implementations.