# Night 28-29

Back on track.

Finished internal logic to translate from JSON format to OpenAI with minimum implementation using our existing logic.

Using PydanticParser from JsonPydanticParser to have the same translation -> Function to OpenAI format but adding str to Function.


## TODO:
- implement the new variables at requests so we can convert it into correct function.
- address client / server to get requests and topic / subscribers for topic, same for event. NewCommunicationProtocol should have these options and then be used properly at process_handler.

# Morning 29

Resuming request implementation. Several considerations:

We want to translate from a specific JSON to a Pydantic function to later extract it on a Dict that uses the same format than OpenAI expects.

Now we have this class that makes this possible, it needs 3 arguments:

- Name (function name) - we will use here service_name i.e: create_agent
- Args (function args) - we need to send the args as defined in the JSON to later be used in the function.
- Description (function docstring) - we will use here the service description.

This is an initial concept, description is not fully clear as it would be benefitial to have a extra field with a description of each specific arg similar to how we are doing for all our tools, where we have a docstring which explains the function and a section for Args where we explain what is each arg. It could be interesting to add not only the pydantic type to Args, but also a description so it can be converted into this format later on.


## Complex args on function call:

It should be easy for the LLM to create this request, but it would require to add complex structures into our functions, lets make the draft:

(function)
def create_request(self, name: str, args: List[Arguments], description: str):

(complex type)
class Arguments:
    name: str
    pydantic_type: str
    description: str


This would work as expected, but I need to work on top of our pydantic parser to enable the capability to both:
- map complex arguments to specific description on pydantic style.
- parse the completion to extract complex arguments and build the right complex type.

It is for sure doable and should be done to enable arbitrary types, translating this to the our request lets imagine that create_request is a request itself. It would look something like:

{ 
    "name": "str",
    "args": "List[Arguments]",
    "description": "str"
}
(without adding description as field only with current name to pydantic type).

As we can see here we still need a clear translation from Arguments, so it would mean that we need some kind of Request composition where we can build new types using other types as primitives.

Clearly a way forward and the only way to go to build complex systems, but as commented before, to avoid complexity we will not do it for now.