# Afternoon

### Next:

- Adapt the logic to split capabilities and tools [DONE] - TODO: define it by use-case.
- Merge logic to obtain tools from capability and communications (at main process only) [DONE]
- Refactor preprocess to handle both new processes [DONE]
- Refactor Communication Builder to handle new primitives and protocols [WIP].
- Move the logic from thought generator and data storage manager to depend only on AgentData instead of topics/events/requests as this are only for inter-agent communication. []
- Adapt InputProtocols creation to already include the input that is being processed!! So when creating AgentCommunication we should set the input as part of the protocol. []
- Connect CommunicationDispatcher to the different protocols. []
- Refactor internal processes with new prompt inspired by our initial version. []
- Adapt configuration of all agents to follow the state machine format (by default with all available!!!) []

#### Refactor preprocess to handle both new processes

Logic:

ProcessInterface calls step.

- Transition on the ProcessStateMachine to change state if needed!! This can mean end process for internal state!!
- Verify AgentState and determine if we should make a transition on AgentStateMachine, this depends on AgentStatus and AgentState (address names).

We need to combine the logic of AgentState with Processes as now they are explicit, there is a clear difference between Main and Internal Process.

---
The logic was already implemented at ProcessStateMachine, now it has been integrated into process_interface.

So now we can get the status and if it is idle (case of END) then we mark process_finished.

But now we need a way to understand if the input has been completed. In that case we should stop.

This is happening on agent level at ProcessHandler (not the right name!! we should move part of this logic to agent).

---
I have checked the logic of ProcessHandler and it looks good so far.

Now we are missing:


- Refactor the InputProtocol to accept the input in the constructor so we can operate over current input. [DONE]
- Imp Communication dispatcher as Celery tasks. [WIP]
- Refactor Communication Builder to create all communications properly.

Communication Dispatcher has been implemented as standalone functions, now we need to call them from the input_protocols.