# Morning

Big day ahead.

Today we should finish all the current implementations and set-up everything to start testing.

### NEXT

- Adapt the logic to split capabilities and tools [DONE] - TODO: define it by use-case.
- Merge logic to obtain tools from capability and communications (at main process only) [DONE]
- Refactor preprocess to handle both new processes [DONE]
- Adapt InputProtocols creation to already include the input that is being processed!! So when creating AgentCommunication we should set the input as part of the protocol. [DONE]
- Refactor the InputProtocol to accept the input in the constructor so we can operate over current input. [DONE]
- Connect CommunicationDispatcher to the different protocols. [DONE]
- Refactor Communication Builder to handle new primitives and protocols [WIP].
- Move the logic from thought generator and data storage manager to depend only on AgentData instead of topics/events/requests as this are only for inter-agent communication. []
- Refactor internal processes with new prompt inspired by our initial version. []
- Adapt configuration of all agents to follow the state machine format (by default with all available!!!) []


### Communicatioon Builder refactor

When adding service/clients we need to consider it properly as we can't just register them agent by agent as we need to ensure the services are always created first.

Create a strong builder for potential customers:

1. We need a template with initial agents that will be setup on start.
2. Then we create agents for specific user, this can happen autonomously (if template includes autonomous) or manually (by config or UI in the future).

Split AgentData into AgentConfig (specific from config to make to_json and from_json) and the full data which contains the config itself + internal data (used by thought generator or data_storage_manager).

Still refactoring the agent_builder.

Now it needs the config for ProcessStateMachine and to reconstruct the profile based on the fields at the specific profile.json.

### TODO:
Clarify disction between topic/event (messages) and types.
Implement the specific function at ConfigLoader to get the primitives.