# Still 12 night

## TODO:

- Move the logic from thought generator and data storage manager to depend only on AgentData instead of topics/events/requests as this are only for inter-agent communication. []
- Refactor internal processes with new prompt inspired by our initial version. []

## Setup

Instead of jumping directly on creating the configs manually I'm creating some setup.py's so we can create automatically our:

- Agent.
- ProcessState.
- Communications.

This will help us to implement new use-cases very fast.

We are missing the setups so it is hard to understand how to initialize the program, with this initial setup we can create it by command line, we should move it fast to an UI to make a full show, but for now is okay for initial version.

As stated [yesterday](/aware/docs/development/calendar/march/12.md) we should refactor a bit requests to be more flexible, two cases: Agent can make request to any agent on his team, he justs needs to set the specific validation format.

Or we setup agent to agent outside.

I think initially we want the initial one (autonomous) and then to be able to take snapshot of specific configurations if needed for more deterministic systems.

We can start in this version with the deterministic one (setting the request manually outside), but remember the new way:

Instead of stablishing a request_format - request (primitive) and then creating client and services we just need to have:

## New request format:
team_name, client_name, service_name, query: str, response_format: (here we need to solve it properly)

Do we need to save this on primitives at configs?

Maybe configs in this case doesn't need to include requests or actions.

It can just include topic and events as this way we avoid giving too much freedom for now and just create pub/subs by hand while requests are in charge of agents.

The benefits is more degree of freedom to agents while we still maintain the control over topics and events.

Topics can be defined once we identify data that can be distributed and who should publish/subscribe internally and event same for outside.

Comming next.


### Championship day.

Task of today:

Create the first version of our UI.

It will be used so the user can interact with agent - Making request and seeing the creation (output - doc for our use-case).

It will also be used to setup everything as we are doing with setup.py BUT with the advantage of doing it on the UI directly on REACT. 

This UI will be the easier way to get human adoption and for us to modify the system on real-time without needing to create configs manually.

It is better to create this UI NOW! than to be playing with configs in the background. We ofcourse need the builders, but we should also be able to do it directly using the input at UI

For this we will create flows of compositions - As chatbot_ui is doing to create the profile of new users.

Created initial version of our UI with logging and supabase connection, simplifying the requirements for now.

Next is setup, we should consider all:

Order:

- Use case (the use-case can be widely available for multiple users) - This is just a template to select which use-case.
    - Teams - Possibility of creating a new team that is specialized on a specific task.
        - Agent - Specific name, description and select capabilities from dropdown.
            - Process State -> Along with capability selection (as in setup.py).

Lets create just a small UI for each of this levels of hierarchy.

Use-Case (higher level) -> This way we can see all use-cases.
Teams (intermediate level) -> This way we can see all teams.
Agents -> All agents
Specific agent -> The processes along with other details (such as memory, communication protocols....)