# Morning
Added functions to retrieve the data required on prompt

Clients -> Sent request feedback.
Services -> Received request state.

Next:
- Add functions to set_request_completed or send_feedback at request services, using the SPECIFIC FORMAT!! 
- [DONE]
- Ensure we get the highest prio request at services, it should be the only one that is active. [DONE]
- Replicate the logic on Topics and on Event (only subscriber). [DONE]

Once we have everything connected we should be able to run our full comm protocols as expected.

Verify the logic at process handler to update request status, set requests completed....

## Update

Moved communications logic from process/communications directy to communications folder.

Implemented set_request_completed and send_feedback as functions
And added them to process_tool_calls.

Now we should be able to provide the right tools and call them afterwards.

What is missing?
Verify how are we setting Request as Sync or Async. I think we should add another arg to create_request and extract it to define it as async or sync. [DONE]

Now lets get the oldest request properly. We should do it ClientHandlers level? [DONE]

Once we finish this we should implement the missing logic on topic.

Getting much much closer.

# Night

More updates, communications is end-to-end now.

# TODO:
Check process handler. It is creating events there, I think we should be able to create events from outside, but is tricky as events are created by the external env no agents, verify this.

Verify connections at all level before moving on, clean a bit Supa, Redis and ClientHandlers.