# Morning

Checking implementations, verifying that all the protocols are setup properly.

- Requests []
- Topics []
- Events []

## Next:

1. Add proper logger - process_logger that we can use to track based on user/agent/process/file. [DONE] - Needs more implementations beyond process.py.
2. Fix get communications at process handler. [RECONSIDERATIONS]
3. Determine if thought should be an event or part of the main conversation, based on latest results it looks like part of main conversation will be CONFUSING!! Maybe back to agent_data? Context - Thought so we add them on System as on initial version. [TODO]

## Future

We need to have "Organization" which encapsulates different users. This way events are created at Organization level instead of user, multiple users can subscribe to the same events which are triggered for a specific organization!!!

TODO: add_organization at PG so we can link user to org.


## Reconsiderations

About communication protocols:

We are duplicating lot of info due to a wrong understanding.

In order to create the communications the user only need to have access to the ids of Publisher/subscribers/client/services and then the logic to connect the rest should happen at PostGrest level.

This way create_request should just be:

create_request(client_id, request_message) without any more complexity and then the logic to fill the request as expected should happen internally without user identifying it, at clients level...

I think this logic should happen inside the handlers, which in this case are the:

topic/publisher/client/services....

Why are we not doing it?
Due to circular dependencies with ClientHandlers (in this case supabase and redis)

But maybe we can be able to have this if we split the ClientHandlers into two:
One that manages the Protocols and another one that manages the Primitives...

This will split ClientHandlers into two: CommunicationProtocolsHandler, CommunicationPrimitivesHandler.

In this case CommunicationProtocolsHandler would be useful to create protocols:
This will be used by config, but also by internal processes to create new ones.

And they will have internal access to CommunicationPrimitivesHandler in order to create requests, events....

Then the logic to start new clients/services... should be managed at different level, not in the publisher itself but in a "new server" that process these communications (comming from Postgress) and does something using ProcessHandler.

## Fixes

1. Split ClientHandlers / SupabaseHandler / RedisHandler into two parts that will be moved to communications folder. This will help to understand business logic inside the system.
2. Split creation of primitives and the triggering of processes (subscribers/services). We need to determine which is the right way, I think a python module should receive this but it should be totally decoupled of the call, we can use redis/supabase for this, determine the best approach.
3. Once we are able to receive the new triggers we manage services/subscribers and trigger them using ProcessHandler.

### New handlers

I splited the handlers into primitives and protocols.

This way primitives can be used by protocols and protocols will be used by the processes!

This is a clear way forward to improve how we manage the database. I think it is better to split this to follow Single Responsibility Principle. (SRP)

Crazy implementations to split the handlers into:

- Agent
- Communications
  - Primitives
  - Protocols
- Process

# NEXT!

1. Add database handlers for:
- chat (to manage messages).
- tools (to manage tools and capabilities).

2. Refactor the logic of CommunicationHandler. Now our protocols can access to primitives so we should move the logic to create/read to the specific protocol.

3. Remove all dependenceis to ClientHandler and extract it from data/database to just database

4. Implement the logic to manage new requests/topic_updates/events so we can have it on server and start new processes on demand. This is now a bit messy with a combination of the Protocol activation + Process Handler it should be much more clear.
