# Morning

Reading the 7 habits of highly effective people.

Recorded some ideas about how to create a personal assistant to help us on our time management.

Two notes that will come on:

- How to route user to specific team (so the concept of assistant is now each team leader and we have a router to select the best team at each time), needs a continuos history about user even when switching between teams.
- Initial steps toward use-case for time management based on the ideas behind the book

For now... Last interview with Entrepeneurs First. Big moment for Aware.

## Interview done:

Waiting for results, can be a big step to increase the development speed of Aware.

## NEXT (from yesterday):

1. Add database handlers for:
- chat (to manage messages). [DONE]
- tools (to manage tools and capabilities). [DONE]

2. Refactor the logic of CommunicationHandler. Now our protocols can access to primitives so we should move the logic to create/read to the specific protocol. (WIP)

4. Remove all dependenceis to ClientHandler and extract it from data/database to just database (WIP)

5. Implement the logic to manage new requests/topic_updates/events so we can have it on server and start new processes on demand. This is now a bit messy with a combination of the Protocol activation + Process Handler it should be much more clear.


## How to organize the repo.

The structure is getting clearer.

We need to move the tools and the configs (agent/processes) to another repo where we iterate for each use-case.

This way this would just be the Aware platform repo while the other repos contain the tools and configs (communication protocols and other) to run the different use-cases from Aware.

This way we have double evolution -> Platform (general purpose) and Use-cases specific Use-cases (along with one that should be general purpose assistant) to scale the bussiness.