# Morning 

Continuing with refactor:
1. Refactor the logic of CommunicationHandler. Now our protocols can access to primitives so we should move the logic to create/read to the specific protocol. [ ]

2. Remove all dependenceis to ClientHandler and extract it from data/database to just database [ ]

3. Implement the logic to manage new requests/topic_updates/events so we can have it on server and start new processes on demand. This is now a bit messy with a combination of the Protocol activation + Process Handler it should be much more clear []


## About services and requests.

So far I'm creating a request_type with a specific name so the user creating a new request just needs to specify the name of the request type.
But I also have a name for the service, does it makes sense? I guess so, same request format can be used by many different services...

Then I need to solve how to identify which is the service from request_name.

At communication_protocols I'm using:
Dict[str, RequestService] -> Where str is the request_name. This looks wrong now, as we are saying that the request_name doesn't match the service so we can have multiple requests with same name...

I did this to be able to fetch easier the protocols based on the primitives that we are using


## Decisions

Implementing now another modules that handle this communication events (event is not a good name here, TBD).

As a future improvement we should split between request and actions as ROS is doing. Why?

Right now logic is convoluted with sync and async as we have feedback always in the format but only is used in case of AsyncRequests, so it makes more sense to split them and handle them separately.

Actions added and CommunicationHandler is managing now the primitives through protocols.

## NEXT:

Before continuing implementing CommunicationDispatcher and the logic at communication.py on server we need to define how are we handling the most important input. We have added priorities as a medium to get the highest prio one as declared before at: _get_highest_prio_request

But now we need to find which is the highest prio INPUT which can be request/event or action.

Lets declare the best way to get the most relevant and wait until it is proccessed to continue with the next one.

Maybe this should happen also at another level? Maybe system?

As we want to:

- When process is not active we get the highest prio one, then we active it and we execute process until completion (WE SHOULD NOT RECALCULATE everytime we create communication protocols). This should happen at another level of the hierarchy, when we are deciding which is the correct action. This needs to be determine as it is very important.

Apart from this, events should also have a status so we can track it properly and we should have a: set_event_completed.

In the future we would like to track the completion of events and requests and manage them properly.
