# Morning

Today we finally connected end-to-end from process to communication protocols logic with all the different interfaces.

During this process we clarified an important consideration:

The process should only be actived when a new input arrive or when an existing one is still being processed. This ensure controllability of our system as now we have clear idea about what to expect from current processes. This applies specially for agent main process, but now we need to check how this matches with other internal processes. 

Some ideas:

We don't want to consider internal processes as "communications" for now.

Communications are used for inter-agent communication, as it can be configured for each new use-case so we have this general purpose way to create primitives and protocols very similar to the ones used on ROS. For internal processes we want to just share all the info between the agents, no need for client/service or pub/sub as the activations are controlled directly via the ProcessStateMachine.

So my first approach is to save all data as AgentData and then be able to use it properly. One main limitation is the way how we are managing Process. It depends on communication_protocols and other variables which might not be relevant for our purpose. I guess is time to split the logic and have general logic (such as when to call tools) on a ProcessInterface, and then create a couple of them one for MainProcess which is the one used by the agent and have access to communications and another one for internal processes which doesn't need to know about communications at all.


## Ideas

We should split the logic between MainProcess and InternalProcess.

MainProcess should use the meta-prompt (general purpose prompt), while Internal Processes will be custom to ensure proper behavior!!

This also affects at our current way to preprocess (I think not post process for now), as we split into two different classes.

---
Most of the logic has been implemented in ProcessHandler to manage the logic properly along with new communication protocols.

Now it looks cleaner and gives us much more control!

### Next:

- Connect CommunicationDispatcher to the different protocols.
- Refactor process to split it between ProcessInterface, MainProcess and InternalProcesses.
- Refactor preprocess to handle both new processes.
- Move the logic from thought generator and data storage manager to depend only on AgentData instead of topics/events/requests as this are only for inter-agent communication.
- Refactor internal processes with new prompt inspired by our initial version.
- Adapt the logic to split capabilities and tools and be able to fit the proper ones to run the Agent State machine which will help us to have workflows where only some tools are enable!

This will give us a starting point. The architecture should be clear after these updates.

Then we should focus on our initial agents and the fixes on tools.

For this lets move the logic outside of the platform as this is depedent on specific use-cases, we are going to rock once we reach this step.

Lot of tests coming after that, but then we will be able to have a demo. Two weeks and a big dream. Lets go.