# Night

## Refactor process to split it between ProcessInterface, MainProcess and InternalProcesses.

So far we have two different classes:

OpenAI tools one -> to fill the prompt on preprocess. For this we need to implement a way to get openai from communications.

And our internal tools which add the should_continue and run_remote.

In the context of Communications we are using the should_continue to determine if we should step or not.

Now is more explicit as we have divided the logic of the two types of processes:

### Main

On main we add communication_protocols, should be renamed to AgentProtocols to help user understand the differentiation with internal_process.

We get the tools from communication_protocols and add them along with the selected tools (based on process state) for current Capability.

This way we will send to the model the communication as potential tools.

After that we need to filter if it is "tool" (our internal tool of each capability) or a communication.

For this we override the process_tool_calls and check it first.

The concept of should_continue applies to step the process. The case of sync request requires to stop stepping when we schedule a new one.
Maybe this should be rethinked. What we can do is to modify directly AgentState, avoid stepping in case of WAITING_FOR_RESPONSE... TBD


### Internal Process

Internal process only modifies the step to add the flag "should_continue" to determine if current process should keep running.

This differentiation is neccesary as internal processes are not managed by communications but by a specific workflow (i.e: for thought until it sends final thought)

For this reason we need to have the decorator @stop_process. It should not be used on main but it will be benefitial for internal processes.


### Summary

I also implemented capability which was needed to split the concept of tools - Capability and tool - Specific method

So now we get the tools directly from capability and can execute them locally (or remotely in the future with a single decorator).

Now at process_interface we have the right logic to add extra tools (by adding @tools) in case of new process class at process_interface (I think it should not be needed after "main" and "internal").

So we use the same logic to provide the tools to the model (main adding communication) and we have slightly different logic to execute the tools as we check by each protocol if it has registered the tool.

Maybe we can also generalize this at post-processing, but for now I have them split as we are using different concepts for "should_continue" and "step".

Maybe we can go back to full interface and we only need to fill tool once at main and dummy internal process to make the difference. TBD.

One more detail:
We also add communication_protocols details at prompt as args for prompt of main processes. Not required and should not be part of internal processes.

To make everything more clear we should think about merging the current agent_state_machine with the logic of having two kind of processes -> TBD.

### Next:

- Adapt the logic to split capabilities and tools [DONE] - TODO: define it by use-case.
- Merge logic to obtain tools from capability and communications (at main process only) [DONE]
- Refactor preprocess to handle both new processes [WIP]
- Move the logic from thought generator and data storage manager to depend only on AgentData instead of topics/events/requests as this are only for inter-agent communication. []
- Adapt InputProtocols creation to already include the input that is being processed!! So when creating AgentCommunication we should set the input as part of the protocol. []
- Connect CommunicationDispatcher to the different protocols. []
- Refactor internal processes with new prompt inspired by our initial version. []
- Adapt configuration of all agents to follow the state machine format (by default with all available!!!) []


### MORNING

LETS GOO!!!

Lets merge the logic of Protocol at ToolRegistry and fill it properly to execute what we are doing so far on Capability.

This way we can merge communications with capabiity both being JUST TOOLS!! get_openai_tool (preprocess) - get_tool (postprocess) -> execute_tool!

Lot of improvements:

The logic have been refactored at Protocol so now we just store Tool. For this we use FunctionDetail to save with our pydantic args and use JsonPydanticParser to create obtain the parameters as if it was a function.

So now we just get_tools() from all the protocols.

The logic to store tools has been moved from Capability to ToolManager (with ToolRegistry) this way we can store different tools, always from Capability but also from Communications at MainProcess!
This ease the logic to get_openai_tools (preprocess) and then execute them (postprocess). We just execute the functions!!

So now we don't need the should_continue as this logic was convoluted.

At communications we modify AgentState, setting it to WAIT_FOR_RESPONSE means that later at ProcessHandler we should not step the process and just wait until CommunicationDispatcher changes the state and triggers it again!!

This is the next logic that we should implement. Moving now to ProcessHandler to manage:

ProcessState and ProcessStateMachine (which depends if we are doing internal_process or main_process as they have different behavior -> Main finishes thanks to communications, depends on agent_state, while internal process should have a specific stop decorator on functions!!)

Then at Agent we have the internal AgentStateMachine which help us to transition between the processes (between main and the internal processes), but this depends on AgentStatus (Idle, running or waiting for response), so we really need to split the two names to make it explicit and configure the logic

#### Refactor preprocess to handle both new processes

Logic:

ProcessInterface calls step.

- Transition on the ProcessStateMachine to change state if needed!! This can mean end process for internal state!!
- Verify AgentState and determine if we should make a transition on AgentStateMachine, this depends on AgentStatus and AgentState (address names).

We need to combine the logic of AgentState with Processes as now they are explicit, there is a clear difference between Main and Internal Process.
